## Rocket Margin

Rocket Margin is an E-Commerce solution provider which offers a  personalized and seamless selling experience across various sales channels. It connects digital, in-store, and back-office operations on a truly unified commerce platform.

It offers a friction less  selling experience that enables sellers to create profiles and publish their products online in a felicitous and niche marketplace.Rocket Margin plays an integral role in getting sellers product in-front of all the target customers at the appropriate times.

 Rocket Margin is a distinctive solution provider which  imparts numerous features that makes the content rich system more organized.Each feature shows the flow of  information concerning the property  in a comprehensible manner.
 
 
 ## Features
 

- Product Catalogue:It is an authoritative source of product data which includes name,description  and all the supporting attributes of a product which is needed by a potential customer.
Product catalog is designed to get rid of the burden in data management by providing a central database for varied channels.Extensive use of integrated channel will make the product more reachable among customers.The product catalogue will maintain all the dimensions and quantity information related to the product which is highly required in the various phases of the product delivery. 
Product catalog encompasses high resolution images which speaks the purpose and relevance of the product in the contemporary society.
-[Product](/content/product)

- Inventory Synchronization Across Sales Channel:Inventory Synchronization across diverse platform will enhance the inventory exposure and avoid the risk of excessive selling. It will capture real time inventory status across all the sales channel. It enables sellers to adjust stock and keep it automatically updated, preventing out of stock and overselling situations.This feature assures the synchronization of the various attributes of the product with the sales channel preferred . It includes the process of replenishing stock in order to maintain the required level of supply of an item.
-  Collaborative order management : Collaborative Order Management Portal enables tracking of real time status,Order History and other details of the transaction. In Rocket Margin E-Commerce solution website  the  manufacturers, sellers and forwarders are working together to deliver products that customers wants to buy. It permits to create,manage and cancel orders in a centralized manner. In each order two options like AFN(Amazon Fulfillment Network) or MFN(Merchant Fulfillment Network) can be selected according to the choice of fulfillment service.
- Integration with 3rd party fulfillment services : In Rocket Margin the Third-party fulfillment involves outsourcing tasks such as inventory management, packing cartons, and shipping orders to a third-party logistics provider (3PL). While choosing this option, inventory is sent to a 3PL’s fulfillment center. When a customer places an order on the online store, the 3PL picks, packs, and ships the order to the respective  customer.
- FBA Multichannel Automation:Amazon offers Amazon multi-channel fulfillment, which provides the option to utilize Amazon’s shipping and fulfillment for any non - FBA orders.With this feature even though the product is purchased on a non-Amazon sales channel, Amazon will process and ship the  item directly to the  customer.
-  Automate Product updates to different sales channel:This feature will optimize the Rocket Margin Product feed. In a real time scenario it is required to upload the product feed and reproduce it  multiple times in different ways.Rocket Margin will enable the modification of the product information to match the requirements of chosen channel.
-  Integration with 3rd party warehouses: Rocket Margin facilitates a third-party warehouse owned by a 
commercial provider. The use of a third-party warehousing through Rocket Margin provides essential services  for the seller which aid in business decisions . 
- Management of Fulfillment Services and Market Region: Rocket Margin will provides necessary features for the management of fulfillment service and market region. It clears the way for handling the  entire procedures of fulfillment Service and Market region. Rocket Margin provides a strong platform to connect buyers with the relevant sellers by giving a choice of appropriate market place.The proper management of market place by E-Commerce solution provider will pave the way for the seller to expand their business on this domain. It clearly defines how a product reach the market and from there to the customer.
- Flexible handling of Inventory Shipments and Warehouse Shipments:Rocket Margin handles the inventory shipment through appropriate shipment service from manufacturer region  to seller region.Rocket Margin imparts  an online portal with appropriate values in-order to carryout inventory shipment. It controls the warehouse shipment of ordered products to suitable sales channel.
- Resupply screen, prediction analysis to refill the stock:Stock replenishment is a vital  feature of Rocket Margin to make sure the availability of the stock to meet customer's demand.This feature of Rocket Margin accurately determines the facts like when to reorder product and how much product to reorder.Its proper reporting and usage of data are the drivers behind developing a resupply process.
